This handsome guy is not simple
He actually tied with Chiyang Zhenren
Ying Feng once made an enemy of the demon girl Cangling at his peak
I didn't expect the opportunity to lose all my internal strength now
He can still catch Chiyang Zhenren's trick
Hasn't his internal strength recovered yet?
Why so strong
Hmph, no matter how powerful he is
I'm afraid it's the end
Ah!
Little brother and sister
This time this kid may be screwed
Junior brother
Ah!
This is the medicine I made according to the herbal chrysanthemum medicine
Can make the heart surge
Drinking it will definitely help you recover your skills
Okay, why don't you talk about martial arts at all?
Stop when you say stop.
Wait a minute.
Forgive me ahead
Let me take some medicine first
Why do you still bring the news of the senior high school entrance examination?
It will take at least three and a half years for the seal to be restored to utilitarianism
How is it possible to do it quickly?
I see you're cramming
Come, let's do it again.
Even if you take a panacea
This divine sword is also from my Yingxianmen today